OK, here's how we need to handle node/link creates and updates:

---- actual item/link create/update

1) When a node is created, we create a vertex with the status
    UNCOMMITTED_CREATE.
2) When a link is created, we create a "property node" vertex
    with the status UNCOMMITTED_CREATE that is linked to whatever
    vertices are necessary.
3) When a node is updated, we create a Revision vertex that is pointing
    at the original vertex.
4) When a link is updated, we do the same.

NOTE: it is CRITICAL that all item operations for the commit are executed first,
THEN the links are processed!

We probably do want to move the executeMutation(MutationRequest) method to Mutator, since
it will need to encapsulate all the modification logic.

Is there a way to make this whole thing less procedural? e.g. imagine we have a structure that
encapsulates the item and link changes we need to make.
ItemMutationOperation
    * ItemMutationRequest (the original mutation request)
    * Relevant Vertex (original vertex for creates, new vertex for updates)
LinkMutationOperation
    * LinkMutationRequest (the original mutation request)


---- Prepare
NOTE: preparation only applies to item updates and deletes.

1) In the prepare phase, we find all revisions for a given transaction
    id.
2) For each vertex that the revision is pointing to:
    a) we create a new vertex in the UNCOMMITTED_UPDATE or
        UNCOMMITTED_DELETE state. For updates, we copy properties
        from the original vertex and modify them according to the
        revision.
    b) We copy all incoming and outgoing links from the old vertex
        to the new one.
    c) We delete the revision.
    ... in the end, all revisions have been removed and all item
        and link nodes related to the commit are in the
        UNCOMMITTED_CREATE, UNCOMMITTED_UPDATE, or UNCOMMITTED_DELETE
        state and are already linked to incoming/outgoing nodes
        as needed.

---- Commit

1) Find all uncommitted vertices (both item and link vertices):
    a) Remove their transaction ID
    b) Set the commit ID
    c) Set the status to NORMAL


---- Changes we need

There are several scenarios we need to properly handle:
1) Create new item and link it to existing item (both inbound and outbound)
2) Create 2 new items and link them
3) Update item properties
4) Update link properties
5) Update item properties and add a link to an existing item
6) Create 1 item, add other item, and create link between them
....

Arguably, this all really matters during the prepare() phase.  And we need to approach this
holistically, so that we understand the totality of the items and links that are being manipulated.

1. Find all items that are involved in the commit:
    a) Find all items that are being created, updated, or deleted as part of the commit.
    b)

