ntrloc needs to support state machines for items.

This is especially useful for certain types of applications built on it
    issue tracking (like JIRA) needs it for subtask state: open / in progress / closed / etc.
    helpdesk (like ServiceNow) needs it for ticket resolution: optn / in progress / closed unneeded / closed complete / etc.

The state machine mechanism need not be very complicated:
    1) Define a set of states at the schema level (item definition, possibly trait definition).
    2) Define the valid state transitions there, too.
    3) Stete would need to be tracked in the ledger, like everything else.
    4) State would need to be reflected in the register, like everything else.

It's possible that this would lead to a new type of mutation: ItemStateMutation (move from one state to another)

We would need a way to express (optional) guard conditions for state transitions.

It's an open question if a guard condition would need to be checked *prior* to letting a user attempt
the transition, or only checked when the attempt is made.  Being *able* to check in advance would lead
to a better user experience.

Guard conditions (predicates) could be a few things, for example (1) an item has a link,
(2) an item has a property, (3) an item has a property value, (4) an item has a link with property,
(5) item has a link with property value, (6) item has a "linked item" with a property/property value,
and so on and so on.  This is almost identical to our projection filters.

It is crucial that state transitions are executed using the process system. This gives admins an extremely
clear way to express what happens during any given transition.  It brings the full power of BPMN/DMN to
the state transitions, and means that a transition may involve external system calls, user taks (e.g.
approvals of some kind, etc.).

It's possible a state transition is not *required* to use a process.  If the transition is simply
"change the status" then a process would be overkill. But if it's anything more than that, you need to use
a process, which will be the case for anything but the most trivial examples.

It's also possible we may need to support the idea that not all users/groups are able to execute a state
transition on all items. For example: in a ServiceNow-type system, the person who created a trouble
ticket should be able to transition to/from some states (e.g. move the ticket from OPEN to CLOSED/UNNEEDED)
but not others (only a person on the help desk team should be able to move it from OPEN to IN PROGRESS).

Given that a state transition might involve a user task, it may be ncessary to record, in the ledger/register,
that an item is in-flight between state A and state B. I'm not sure about that, though. The item is only ever
in one state at any given time, after all.  But there might be value in it, so 2 people aren't trying to
change state on the same item at the same time.  It could be as simple as a "state claim" on the item, who knows.

It's probably also worth considering what a "state transition process" would look like / what it should
be capable of doing.  In fact, there might need to be separate actions tied to the transition itself vs.
a state entry / state exit.  At the very least, a state exit / transition / state entry should be capable
of adding / changing / removing properties on the item.  But there may be more "actions" required -- again,
I'm not sure.

It's probably worth deciding, if not yet implementing, how a state transition on one item might lead to
a state transition on another.  A classic example would be a state transition on a Jira subtask where it
is ending up in the CLOSED state.  If this is happening, and we look at its parent story, and the other
subtasks in the story are CLOSED, the story is at least a *candidate* to be closed, whether or not the
user chooses to execute that transition at that time.

On transactions: properties that are being changed by way of state entry / exit / transition *must*
be atomic, just like any other ledger/register interaction.